Add detailed documentation for auto aliasing (#1416)
pulumi/pulumi-terraform-bridge: pkg/tfbridge/README.md

# tfbridge

## Automatic Aliasing (`ApplyAutoAliases`)

> Automatically applies backwards compatibility best practices.

Reviewer: LOVE this summary. It clearly states the purpose and establishes context. ❤️

> The goal is to prevent breaking changes from Pulumi maintainers or from the upstream

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal is to prevent breaking changes by Pulumi maintainers or by the upstream
```
Wanted to disambiguate the prepositions a bit here

provider from causing breaking changes in minor version bumps. We do this by deferring
certain types of breaking changes to major versions.

ApplyAutoAliases attempts to mitigate 3 types of unwanted breaking changes:

- The token mapping for a resource has changed. For example:

	The maintainer is correcting a typo in a manual resource mapping.

- The token mapping for a resource has changed, and a major update caused us to remove
the old name from the schema.

- The upstream provider has added or removed `MaxItems: 1` from a field.

`ApplyAutoAliases` applies three mitigation strategies: one for each breaking change it
is attempting to mitigate.

- Call `ProviderInfo.RenameResourceWithAlias` or `ProviderInfo.RenameDataSource`: This
creates a "hard alias", preventing the user from experiencing a breaking change between

> major versions.

Reviewer: Should say "minor versions", or needs more words to describe that we use hard aliases for all the minor and patch versions that happen, e.g after v1.x.x and before v2.x.x.

the users of the Pulumi providers. The basic functionality behind each action is
identical; ApplyAutoAliases keeps a record of which TF token maps to which Pulumi
token, which fields have MaxItemsOne (true or false), and what version the record is
from.

The dataflow for aliases history goes like this:

``` mermaid
flowchart TD
    A["Field History\n(bridge-metadata.json)"] -->|go:embed| B["resources.go: func Provider()"]
    B --> C["Token Mapping\n(manual & automatic)"]
    C --> D["Manual aliasing/MaxItemsOne application"]
    D -->|"make tfgen or runtime"| E["prov.ApplyAutoAliasing*\nfrom pulumi-terraform-bridge/pkg\n\nIterates through all resources and datasources,\nto applying and recording:\n1. Hard aliases**\n2. Soft aliases***\n3. MaxItemsOne corrections"]
    E -->|"Iterate through resources and datasources to apply"| F["New aliasing history"] 
    E -->|"Always (ignored during tfgen time)"| G["Runtime aliasing information"]
    F -->|"save history (make tfgen ONLY)"| A
```

> (\*)   This gets called anytime Provider() gets called.
>
> (\*\*) A "hard alias" is a fully schematized copy of a resource, where we

> > ensure. backwards compatibility for new token names. Mainly used during minor upgrades.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ensure backwards compatibility for new token names. Mainly used during minor upgrades.
```

>
> (\*\*\*) A "soft alias" is a plain rename of a token, which requires a user to rename

> > the resource (but not do an stack surgery). Only a resource rename is needed. Acceptable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> the resource (but not do any stack surgery). Only a resource rename is needed. Acceptable
```

> > as a result of major upgrades

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> as a result of major upgrades.
```

This records is stored using the
github.com/pulumi/pulumi-terraform-bridge/unstable/metadata interface. It is written to
at tfgen time and read from when starting up a provider (tfgen time and normal runtime).

For example, this is the (abbreviated & modified) history for GCP's compute autoscalar:

```
	"google_compute_autoscaler": {
	    "current": "gcp:compute/autoscalar:Autoscalar",
	    "past": [
	        {
	            "name": "gcp:auto/autoscalar:Autoscalar",
	            "inCodegen": true,
	            "majorVersion": 6
	        },
	        {
	            "name": "gcp:auto/scaler:Scaler",
	            "inCodegen": false,
	            "majorVersion": 5
	        }
	    ],
	    "majorVersion": 6,
	    "fields": {
	        "autoscaling_policy": {
	            "maxItemsOne": true,
	            "elem": {
	                "fields": {
	                    "cpu_utilization": {
	                        "maxItemsOne": false
	                    }
	                }
	            }
	        }
	    }
	}
```

> I will address each action as it applies to `"google_compute_autoscaler" in turn:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are the details of each action as it applies to `"google_compute_autoscaler" in turn:
```
